Update release checklist (#7794)
hyperledger/besu: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-checklist.md

- [ ] Optional: for hotfixes, create a release branch and cherry-pick, e.g. `release-<version>-hotfix`
  - [ ] Optional: for hotfixes, create a PR into main from the hotfix branch to see the CI checks pass
- [ ] On the appropriate branch/commit, create a calver tag for the release candidate, format example: `24.4.0-RC1`
  - [ ] git tag 24.4.0-RC1
  - [ ] git push upstream 24.4.0-RC1
- [ ] Sign-off with team; announce the tag in #besu-release in Discord
  - [ ] Targeting this tag for the burn-in: https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/releases/tag/24.4.0-RC1
- [ ] Consensys staff start burn-in using this tag
- [ ] Seek sign off for burn-in
  - [ ] Pass? Go ahead and complete the release process
  - [ ] Fail? Put a message in #besu-release in Discord indicating the release will be aborted because it failed burn-in 
- [ ] Optional: Perform a dry run with https://github.com/consensys/protocols-release-sandbox to test the workflows
  - [ ] Sync fork
  - [ ] git checkout <sha of 24.4.0-RC1>
  - [ ] git tag 24.4.0; git push origin 24.4.0
  - [ ] Manually run https://github.com/Consensys/protocols-release-sandbox/actions/workflows/draft-release.yml using `main` branch and `24.4.0` tag

> - [ ] Back on besu, using the same git sha as 24.4.0-RC1, create a calver tag for the FULL RELEASE, example format `24.4.0`

Reviewer: maybe step it out here as above
  - [ ] git checkout <sha of 24.4.0-RC1>
  - [ ] git tag 24.4.0; git push origin 24.4.0

Reviewer: to make it super obvious that yes you are doing the exact same thing again in the main besu repo

Author: done

> - [ ] Manually run https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/actions/workflows/draft-release.yml inputing the FULL RELEASE tag name. Note, this workflow should always be run from `main` branch (this doesn't prevent hotfix tags from being released)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Manually run https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/actions/workflows/draft-release.yml using `main` branch and `24.4.0` tag ie the FULL RELEASE tag name. Note, this workflow should always be run from `main` branch (this doesn't prevent hotfix tags from being released)
```
